Human read script to test editing client information

Assumptions: There is at least one client.

Navigate to /client-info/1

Take note of the information. 

Click on the button labeled "Edit Client". 

CHECK: The page should have redirected. the URL should be /edit-client/1

CHECK: The patient's first name is displayed in an input box next to "Client's First Name"

CHECK: Below, the patient's last name is displayed in an input box next to "Client's Last Name"

CHECK: Below, the patient's address is displayed in an input box next to "Client's Address"

CHECK: Below, the patient's Phone Number is displayed in an input box next to "Client's Number"

CHECK: The patient's email is displayed in an input box next to "Client's Email"

CHECK: The LICO number is displayed in an input box next to "LICO"

CHECK: The AISH number is displayed in an input box next to "AISH"

CHECK: The SA number is displayed in an input box next to "SA"

CHECK: The notes are displayed in an input box next to "Notes"

CHECK: The alternative contact first name is displayed in an input box next to "Alternative Contact's First Name"

CHECK: The alternative contact lasr name is displayed in an input box next to "Alternative Contact's Last Name"

CHECK: The alternative contact address is displayed in an input box next to "Alternative Contact's Address"

CHECK: The alternative contact primary phone number is displayed in an input box next to "Alternative Contact's Primary Phone Number"

CHECK: The alternative contact secondary phone number is displayed in an input box next to "Alternative Contact's Seconday Phone Number"

CHECK: The alternative contact secondary email is displayed in an input box next to "Alternative Contact's Email"

DO: modify every field. Take note of the new information

Click the button labeled "Save"

CHECK: The page should have redirected. the URL should be /client-info/1

CHECK: Under "Client", The client's new last name, first name is displayed.

CHECK: Under "Address", the client's new address is displayed. 

CHECK: Under "Phone Number", the client's new Phone Number is displayed. 

CHECK: Under "Email", the client's new client's Email is displayed. 

CHECK: Under "LICO", the client's new LICO is displayed. 

CHECK: Under "AISH", the client's new AISH is displayed. 

CHECK: Under "SA", the client's new SA is displayed. 

CHECK: Under "NOTES", the client's new NOTES is displayed. 







